We can spend a lot of time on image
parts and computer vision, right,
and I think that was fun.
With text, I tried to shrink
everything into limited time we had,
but the main point is that probably
the most important part with the text
analytics is how you preprocess your text.
Right, how you simply
locating everything and, for
instance, you can use word embedding or
hot encoding.
And that might actually
give you different results.
And reinforcement learning allows you
to simply build this model which will
help your agents simply observe
the environment and act accordingly.
For instance, in simple examples,
just move your car to the left or
to the right to get a particular goal,
in our case is just balanced this pool.
But that's the simple examples of
how deep learning can be used.
And well, I hope you had a lot of fun.
[LAUGH] I know we digged a little bit
too deep into math at some points, but
still I really hope it helped with better
understanding what deep learning is and
how it can be used.
All right then, thank you very much,
it was awesome, all right.
>> [APPLAUSE]